
PFS (PlayStation File System) client for Linux/Unix/Windows
===========================================================


What is this?
-------------

This is an incomplete port of ps2sdk's (http://ps2dev.org) APA, PFS
and iomanX libraries to Linux/Unix. Port exports full access to
iomanX's API (APA and PFS drivers are registered in iomanX). That
means, that one can work with APA partitions and can access PFS on the
Linux/Unix side almost as easy as working with local files.

Because original iomanX exports API colliding with host OS API, iomanX
functions and constants are prefixed with iomanx_/IOMANX_,
accordingly. Usage of iomanX API requires some knowledge of PS2
development; at least knowledge of mount partition, use file-system,
unmount partition sequence of steps. Simple use-cases can be found in
the supplied sources (startup.c).

Patches over APA and PFS drivers are separated and kept as minimal as
possible to allow an easy upgrade to future ps2sdk versions. ATM
patches include only function/variable re-naming and truncation of
imports files.


What is included?
-----------------

Means to manipulate files and directories on a PFS partition from the
host OS on a locally attached or networked PS2 HDD. It is also
possible to debug APA and PFS on the host OS.


What is NOT included?
---------------------

 * GUI (as usual);
 * 64-bit compiler compatibility;
 * little-endian compatibility;


How to give it a try (no warrany whatsoever)
--------------------------------------------

Fetch Windows build or compile it yourself. To compile hdl_dump's
sources need to be unpacked next to pfs sources (hdl_dump dir and pfs
dir need to be on the same level). You need a 32-bit compiler on
big-endian box to make it work; 32-bit chroots works just fine.

./pfsshell
> help
> device 192.168.0.10
# ls
# mount +Misc
+Misc:/# ls
...
# umount
# exit


Disclaimer
----------

This... thing comes with no warrany whatsoever. Use at your own risk.


Please, send port bug-reports to w1zard0f07@yahoo.com. APA and PFS
bug-reports should probably be reported at ps2dev sit.

Wizard of Oz, over and out.
